the fraunhofer pro codec from sonics has
changed the way we encode audio for
online distribution enabling audio
codecs such as mp3 and AAC to be
auditioned in real time now with
virtually to apple's itunes plus codec
is included so you can mix directly for
iTunes ensuring high quality output
during the mixing process we're here on
the audio technica booth at the final
day of aes where Gary's going to tell us
about the 80 5041 of their new high-end
microphones and hopefully if I can coax
him to tell you more about if it's just
the first of a series or or a one-off
well getting to that issue right off the
bat we are calling it the introductory
model into our newly designed 50 series
so when we say series I guess it is
plural since we only have one microphone
that would maybe allude to the fact that
there will be other microphones and I'm
going to leave it at that and then I'm
going to come back to it after I talk to
about the microphone a little bit okay
fair enough ok now the unique thing
about this mike is of course you got
four rectangular capsules in there that
is correct you know ultimately when this
microphone was set out where we defined
what we wanted in a microphone it was
kind of refreshing for our engineers
because it wasn't a microphone that we
came to the table saying all right we
need a project studio microphone that's
going to sell for four hundred dollars
and address these people essentially
what we said is we want a microphone
that has the highest level of sonic
purity and we want a very high-end vocal
microphone to go into this 50 series and
that was really where we left it so we
did not define how the microphone needed
to be constructed or what the cost was
going to be of the microphone and this
was kind of very liberating for our
engineers who really got to flex some of
their engineering muscle so the four
capsule design came out of that kind of
underlying purity concept and vocal
concept so what this does is allows us
to get a much larger surface area than
we could with conventional technology
it's about almost a 1.5 inch diameter
capsule if you were to like make it in a
circular capsule but what this does if
you were to make a capsule that large
your diaphragm material would have to be
much thicker you would have to have much
more space between the diaphragm and the
back plates and it's just not going to
be that it's not going to be what this
is and what this does is allow us to
have a very fast transient response
because we have smaller capsules which
are two microns thick so we get kind of
the benefits of a smaller diaphragm
microphone with also some of the
benefits of a large diaphragm microphone
such as very low noise 5 DB of self
noise and in fact the ones we're testing
at the shop or right around the for
range which is almost the limit of our
anechoic chamber believe it or not our
chambers are between two and three DB of
just in the chamber themselves so it's
very difficult to test this microphone
so that was kind of like the heart of
the microphone definitely is going to
work best for vocals it has a very
distinct sweet spot when you get off of
that sweet spot you're going to see some
high frequency roll-off we just did a
test the other day in a studio locally
where the vocalist didn't want to wear
headphones so they had to NS ten sitting
about four feet behind the microphone
driven by a crown amplifier at pretty
crazy volumes and it was virtually zero
bleed into the microphone so that was
kind of something that we hadn't done
back at the factory so it was fun to see
that work when we go down into the
actual construction you know body
residences have been minimized in fact
something like this like the screen or
mesh on the microphone we're actually
fused the mesh together so we don't have
any resonance between the mesh so it's
that kind of attention to detail and the
sonic purity that
that we were going for so getting back
to the series and the plural aspect of
this it might not be a far stretch to
think that we would maybe have some type
of a pencil microphone you know that
makes a lot of sense in a series of
microphones but from there this is not
this series is not going to be defined
by these capsules so it can really go
any direction but if we feel the next
generation is going to benefit from a
rectangular capsule you know that's the
way we're going to go but but we're not
ruling out other capsule designs as well
so I think this is going to be kind of a
wide-open playground for us to kind of
maybe bring some unique things to the
market okay thanks Gary great thank you